# [CompoundSignal](https://github.com/millermedeiros/CompoundSignal/)

CompoundSignal works like a group of signals which should be dispatched
automatically after all the signals contained by the group are dispatched.
Arguments are passed to listeners as Arrays on the same order as the signals
were passed on the constructor.

If you are familiar with Promise/Deferred think of it as Promise which will be
resolved after all the signals on the group are dispatched. (similar to
[jQuery.when](http://api.jquery.com/jQuery.when/),
[Q.join](https://github.com/kriskowal/q) and
[when.all](https://github.com/briancavalier/when.js))


## Dependency

[JS-Signals v0.7.0+](http://millermedeiros.github.com/js-signals/)


## Example

Inside the browser it will simply add a new constructor inside the `signals`
object:

```js
var endedAnimation = new signals.Signal();
var completedSomething = new signals.Signal();

var completedManyThings = new signals.CompoundSignal(endedAnimation, completedSomething);

// CompoundSignal is just a regular Signal that gets dispatched after the other
// signals are dispatched (and have a similar API)
completedManyThings.addOnce( doSomethingOnCompletedManyThings );

function doSomethingOnCompletedManyThings(paramsArr1, paramsArr2){
  //handler will receive parameters of each signal as arrays since
  //they can dispatch an arbitrary number of parameters
  console.log( paramsArr1, paramsArr2 );
}
```

If loaded using an AMD loader (e.g. [RequireJS](http://requirejs.org/)) or
inside nodejs it will return the constructor and also add itself to the
`signals` object (to keep consistency with browser environment).

### AMD

```js
define(['signals', 'CompoundSignal'], function(signals, CompoundSignal){
    console.log( signals.CompoundSignal === CompoundSignal );  // true
});
```

### nodejs

```js
var signals = require('signals'),
    CompoundSignal = require('CompoundSignal');

console.log( signals.CompoundSignal === CompoundSignal );  // true
```

**For more examples check the unit tests inside the "tests/" folder.**



## Extra properties / functionalities

A compound Signal inherits all the methods and properties from a regular
`Signal` but have a couple properties to toggle the behavior and some
additional methods as well.


### memorize:Boolean

If `true` it will store a reference to previously dispatched arguments and will
automatically execute callbacks during `add()`/`addOnce()` (similar to
a "Promise"). Default value is `false`.


### override:Boolean

Sets if multiple dispatches of same signal should override previously
registered parameters. Default value is `false`.


### unique:Boolean

If `true` CompoundSignal will act like a "Promise", after first dispatch,
subsequent dispatches will always pass same arguments. It will also remove all
the listeners automatically after dispatch. Default value is `false`.


### dispatch()

Works similar to a regular Signal `dispatch()` method but if CompoundSignal was
already "resolved" and it is `unique`, it will always dispatch the same
arguments, no mather which parameters are passed to the `dispatch` method.


### isResolved():Boolean

Check if CompoundSignal did resolved.


### reset()

Restore CompoundSignal to it's original state. Will consider as if no signals
was dispatched yet and will mark CompoundSignal as unresolved.



## Distribution Files

You can use the same distribution file for all the evironments, browser script
tag, AMD, CommonJS.

You can install it on Node.js using [NPM](http://npmjs.org/)

    npm install CompoundSignal



## Running unit tests

### On the browser

Open `tests/spec_runner.html` on your browser.


### On Node.js

Install [npm](http://npmjs.org) and run:

```
npm install jasmine-node -g
npm link
jasmine-node dev/tests/spec
```
